Hi Jachin,

 

Could you please share the below email to all the applicants

 

 

Please fill the online DS 160 form and share the below-required documents with login credentials for further process. (please incorporate required information in attached spread sheet before you proceed with online VISA process for handy reference.)

 

PFB the link below:

 

DS-160

 

·         Please Visit: https://ceac.state.gov/genniv/ to fill the online form. – CEAC BARCODE NUMBER IS GENERATED AT THIS POINT.

 

                Jackson – 040 66031418 would be the point of contact from the travel agency. He will be reachable for any queries.

 

Visa Fee Payment:

 

·         Visit the website https://cgifederal.secure.force.com/?language=English&country=India.

·         a) Create a user id and password by selecting the new user option

·         d) Select option Schedule an appointment and fill the requisite details

·         e) Select Option Payment (Step 8)

·         If the applicant selects the option for Axis & Citibank, a CGI reference no and an acknowledgment in the name of Stanley (MRV) is generated. He has to take the printout and mail it to us. After that, we would be able to submit the cash along with the printout at the above-mentioned banks.

 

INTERVIEW WAIVER PROGRAM "DROP-BOX" CHECKLIST

If you can answer “yes” to all of the following questions, you qualify for our Interview Waiver Program “Dropbox”. You do not need to schedule an appointment at a Visa Application Center. Please log in, create your profile, proceed with your application, and print two copies of the submission letter. Drop off your passport along with the listed documents mentioned in the submission letter at one of our 11 service centers.

Eligibility Criteria for all applicants except child below 14 years of age and applicant above 80 years of age or older:

· I have a previous U.S. visa in the same class as the visa for which I wish to apply

· My most recent visa was issued in India

· I received my visa after January 1, 2008

· My prior visa is not annotated “Clearance Received” or “Department Authorization”.

· My most recent visa (in the same class for which I am applying) was issued on or after my 14th birthday

· I have no refusals for a visa in any class after my most recent visa issuance

· If I am applying for an H or L (individual) or R visa, my prior visa in the same class is still valid or expired within the last 12 months.

  

Visa Country: United States Of America  Visa Category: Business Nationality: Indian

 

Visa Notes

1.     Passport: Original Passport with validity of minimum six months and minimum two blank page for visa stamp.
a) Copy of the first and last page of your current valid passport. If you have any observations on your passport please submit a copy of the observation page.
b) Attach all your old passports (if any).

2.     Visa Application Form: One online DS-160 form duly filled and signed. (Sample DS-160 Form)

3.     Valid Machine Readable Visa (MRV) fee receipt.
Please Note
a) For US MRV if the total amounts in one MRV are Rs.50,000 and above then Pan card copy of principal applicant is required

4.     Interview Appointment letters: You must schedule two appointments, one for the visa interview at the Embassy or Consulate and one for the OFC.
a) You need to be present at the US Embassy or Consulate where the Appointment for the Visa Interview is scheduled.
b) You need to be present at the Offsite Facilitation Center (OFC) for the second appointment. This appointment will allow you to go to one of the five OFC locations to have your fingerprints and photo taken.
This appointment must be at least 1 day before your visa interview appointment at the Embassy or Consulate.

5.     Photo Specification: Two recent passport size photographs with matt or semi-matt finish, 80% face coverage, white background and without border (Size: 50mm x 50mm) 
Please note: Photograph should not be more than 3 months old, scanned/stapled and should not be used in any of the previous visas

6.     Covering Letter: Covering-letter from the applicant on company’s letterhead stating his name, designation, passport number, duration, the purpose of travel and who is bearing his/her expenses. The letter should be addressed to – U.S. Consulate General, Hyderabad.

7.     Invitation Letter: Invitation Letter from American host / inviting Company on its letterhead stating the purpose of travel and duration of stay and should be duly signed with signatory’s name and designation.

8.     Financials 
a) Companies and Personal ITR for 3 yrs. 
b) Six months’ salary slip Original 
c) Company and Personal Bank Statement for last three months mentioning the Bank’s name, Bank’s Telephone Number clearly 
d) Credit Card copy/Foreign Exchange endorsement/Traveler’s Cheque 
e) Company’s Balance Sheet
f) Property papers/Fixed Deposits/Investments

9.     Proof of Occupation 
a) Company Registration Certificate / Certificate of Incorporation 
b) Brief Company Profile 
c) Articles of Memorandum (Incase the applicant is MD/Director) 
d) Proof of Proprietorship / Partnership (In case the applicant is Proprietor / Partner in a firm) 
e) Import / Export License (if applicable)

10.   Airline Reservation: Ticket Itinerary

11.   Please Note: 
a) Personal appearance is Mandatory.